Describe about public flag and behavior of old deployments for logs a… (#1983)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/projects.mdx

- `/_src`: Displays the source code and build output.
- `/_logs`: Displays the build logs.

> This setting is overwritten when deployment is created by CLI with the `--public` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting is overwritten when a deployment is created using the CLI with the `--public` option.
```

> 

Reviewer: What about when the deployment defines the `public` property in `vercel.json`?

Author: It should be the same. will update.

Reviewer: You might want to link to the Configuration reference page and CLI reference page for each

Author: Done

<Note type="warning">
  Do not edit this setting if you don’t want your source code or logs to be
  publicly accessible.
</Note>

> <Note>

Reviewer 2: The two notes are "stuck" to each other:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6616955/87329506-56e5df00-c537-11ea-8cc7-42c45ebff4d9.png)

Maybe adding a `<br />` between them solves it?

>   Deployments created before `July 8th, 2020 at 7:05 PM (UTC)` have fixed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Deployments created before July 8th, 2020 at 7:05 PM (UTC) have fixed
```

I think using `at` in the date here is misleading since there's already `before`. @styfle can you suggest a better way to format the date?
